Babe, look.
Yogurt, 100 boxes.
Have they delivered?
Yes, they have!
They did. Okay.
Coffee. 100 boxes.
They came too, right?
Yes.
What else?
Here. Oranges.
Um.
Huh?
Why is he dressing up?
What if... they got back together?
Let me see.
Phuc!
Yes?
Are you on a date?
Hey.
Your plan was amazing!
Geez! Of course!
I'm not so pretty, but I'm so smart!
Is it Thach?
Huh?
I thought it'd be Thach.
Hi, boy.
Hello!
How long have you waited?
I just came here!
Oh no! This is not okay. Now, you should come there.
Take their orders.
I'll call Thach right now! Okay?
Try to buy more time!
Okay.
Okay. I'm coming right now!
Hello, I'm listening.
Hello, is that you?
Yes, I'm here.
How can you sleep now? Wake up!
We're in hot water.
What's happened to Phuc?
It's you! Something's wrong with you!
I'd like a black coffee.
Black coffee?
Sorry, sir.
We've just ran out of it.
You can even run out of black coffee?
Come quickly! Phuc's seeing someone!
Ah! Hold on!
What's happened? Did you fall? Are you okay?
Uh, calm down!
Help me buy time! I'll be there soon!
Okay. Got it!
Haizz. I should brush my teeth.
Change my clothes. Where are my slippers?
Then, I'd like a yogurt.
Yogurt?
Yogurt hasn't been delivered.
We've ran out of yogurt too?
Yes, we have. You can have iced tea.
Iced tea is okay. But, I think it will take a while.
Then, go make it.
Or, you can order some food!
I want fried noodles.
Fried noodles?
We've ran out of it too.
Um... I'd like a Pho then.
You want Pho, sir?
Oh, our water boiler is being maintained.
Then, bring us whatever you have.
Oh, I just remember that
we still have black coffee in the stock.
Yogurt just arrived yesterday.
And Nu just bought noodles.
So, one yogurt for Phuc,
- and one black coffee for...
- Truong.
Your drinks will be out soon.
He's here!
Where will we go next?
What about my house?
Uh...
Who are you?
I'm his boyfriend.
Huh?
Woah! A direct strike!
That's my brother!
What a shame!
We were having a fight so he came to you.
Don't be like this again, okay?
Phuc said he's still single!
No one gets mad at his boyfriend and still says he's about to get married!
Tell me! What is this?
Uh... I... I...
I can't believe you are like this!
Seeing 2 people at a time... You're terrible!
Terrible!
He was so manly at first!
You shouldn't say that.
I'm sorry.
Duy, I'd like a water.
Okay, I'll bring it out now.
What were you doing?
Don't take it off.
I begged you to stop this!
Why do I have to stop?
Who are you?
Tell me the truth. What is your name?
My name is... Phong.
If you do this again, I'll quit!
Duy, don't bring me water. Any beer or wine will do.
Don't!
Hey, Thach.
I beg you!
Thach!
Answer my call!
Just once!
Thach!
How long did I sleep?
Not long.
Do you trust your feelings?
Though it's been so long,
so long and I haven't seen his face,
just some tiny details
can suddenly make my heart shakes.
What's your name?
I'm... Phong.
You can leave early today.
Phong!
Yes?
Help me tie my tie.
Huh? It was already tied.
My hand's hurting.
You really like to torture others!
How long have you done this job?
Not long.
6 years ago,
I hired a helper like you.
It's done.
Do you have any plans for this holiday?
I... I'll go home.
What about you?
Just like any other days.
I... I should get out and continue my work.
Have some juice.
Yes.
You can quit your job here.
Working at Thach's place and then coming here is too tiring.
I've been working here for so long. I'll be very sad if I quit.
Uh... Will you keep this secret for life?
At least, if you can't be lovers, you still can be friends.
But...
it'll get our hopes up.
Then, why don't you give each other a chance?
Finding someone who loves you is really hard.
Don't let go if you're together.
Don't leave when you held each other's hands.
At that time, if I had been selfish or blind in love,
you two would still be together now.
For me, Thach can have his sight back
which is the most important thing.
But for Thach,
the days he spent with you were the most beautiful things.
Finding someone who loves you isn't easy, Phuc.
You two have been through so many things.
It was all paid with your tears and pains.
Thach's still single and you are too. You two should give each other a chance.
I hope you and Thach can be happy.
I made up my mind.
I promised her too. I can't break it.
Her?
Thach's mother.
Our time is over.
We'll break up again anyway.
We weren't made for each other.
You always think of others, but who'll think of you?
You think it's easy to find someone who loves you?
Not to mention Thach loves you so much!
I'm pissed even though I'm not in this.
Thank you for thinking of me.
But... I made my decision.
I should continue working.
Can we talk a bit?
I don't talk to my boss outside working hours.
I'm begging you.
Just for a while.
Did you have beers?
How do you know?
You drive yourself. Don't drink too much.
You can take me home!
- If it's late, you can sleep over.
- Thach!
I've always thought of you.
In the last 6 years, I've always thought of you.
Thach!
I wondered if I wasn't blind...
I'm leaving!
I loathe myself.
I wondered if I didn't have that accident,
if I wasn't blind,
would I still lose you?
I just realized that
"Oh,
if I was normal,
why would I need a helper?"
"How could I meet you?"
I miss you.
Really miss you.
I don't need us to get back together.
I don't need you to tell me you love me like the first time.
I just want to know your name.
I want you to call me the way you did.
I told you.
I am Phong.
Not Phuc.
You're still mistaking me.
I only beg for one favor!
Is it so hard to admit who you really are?
Are you going to leave me again?
Everything is still there.
Someone has to leave.
You can't force anyone to stay.
If you still insist...
Your lover was a boy, right?
I get why he chose to leave you.
At first, we all thought that it was easy.
Actually,
no one would let our loved one lose a relationship
because of us.
You and your boyfriend
were in a relationship.
But, you still had so many other relationships in life.
You couldn't just lose them all!
I hope you can understand.
I could have tried to make everything work!
At first, everything was great.
But, pressure, denial,
everything was torn apart.
You're not Phuc.
Yes.
I am Phong.
I'm your temporary helper.
You're not the one I'm looking for.
You mistook me.
Sorry.
I mistook you.
Please help me handle it.
I'm done. I'll go now.
How many faces does one have?
Do you know that?
It's hard to understand someone
because they have so many faces.
A face to the society.
A face to their colleagues.
A face to their friends and family.
A face to themselves.
Still, there was one who could get me.
When I had that accident,
I was all alone.
I remembered it was a day in Spring 6 years ago.
My ex-girlfriend brought me a helper.
I didn't like to meet new people
because...
I was afraid that they could see my weaknesses.
But, he saw what I was hiding.
Things that no one else could see.
Day after day,
patiently,
thoughtfully,
he was by my side.
I knew we couldn't stay together
even though we were alike.
Do you know why?
Not everyone acts alike.
Why were we alike?
Because he did everything for me.
All for me.
We were both male.
But he was so much stronger than me.
He knew how to do things and took care of others.
Just that
wasn't enough to make me love him so much.
He gave me peace.
I didn't need to wear a fake smile
or try to be tough or cold.
I just needed to be myself.
It's late. I should...
You and he are so much alike
in the way you get rude,
hiccup or raise your tone with me.
"Are you crazy?"
"Why did you have to do this?"
"You want to get scolded?"
That was the way
he made me feel that he treated me sincerely.
Even your smell and your voice
are similar to him.
What a pity!
You're Phong.
Not Phuc.
My mom passed away.
No one's here to control me anymore.
But I'm not happy.
The day she was buried,
I didn't have a tear.
Do you know how I lived?
I lived a successful life.
People welcome me.
They all love me.
They're willing to pay millions dongs to eat what I cook.
But I feel so empty.
I'll ask you one last time.
What's your name?
- Sorry...
- I knew everything!
Or you want me to say it?
Take a look at this.
What is this?
Phuc's portfolio.
How did you get it?
6 years ago, I was the one who hired him.
Therefore, I had his portfolio including his CV.
Your mom told me to hid it from you.
I buried it along with my love for you.
I'm sorry.
Why are you giving it to me now?
I don't want to see you suffer.
You haven't...
seen Phuc's face, have you?
Thach.
From now on, live a happy life.
I am Phong, not Phuc.
Maybe we just look alike.
Then tell me you hate me.
Tell me that you don't love me!
I'll ask you one last time.
What's your name?
Hi.
I'm Thien Phuc. Nice to meet you.
Babe.
Come home with me on my mom's death anniversary.
My aunts want to see you.